you
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
You know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, and okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles, because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality, and it's not,
There'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
Introduce Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is gonna get a chance to comment.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know?
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation?
What was that?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by, um...
uh... finding the virus which causes a disease you purify a virus by making a lot of I mean just by purifying it so you get a pure virus I don't understand what the issue they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different no it depends on how they used it can you explain the process of hiv isolation
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so... I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
It's literally turning into a worst-case scenario.
The latest data tells us that we're dealing with, essentially, a worst-case scenario.
He is the life of parties he has never attended.
If opportunity knocks and he's not home, opportunity waits.
When in Rome, they do as he does.
He is the most interesting man in the world.
I don't always ruin things, but when I do, I prefer the great reset.
Stay awake, my friends.
Senator Mendoza is one of the most respected citizens in this state, McBain.
And yet you ran his limo off a cliff, broke the necks of three of his bodyguards, and drove a bus to his front door?
Captain, I have proof that he's head of an international drug cartel!
I don't wanna hear it, McBain!
You're outta here!
That makes two of us.
Any minute now My ship is coming in I'll keep checking the horizon And I'll stand on the bow And feel the waves come crashing
Crashing down, down, down on me And you say, be still my love Open up your heart, let the light shine
Don't you understand I already have a plan I'm waiting for my real life to begin
Suddenly nothing happened But in my dreams I slew the dragon down this beaten path Up this cobbled lane
footsteps once again and you say just be here now forget about the past your mask is wearing thin let me throw one more dice I know that I can win
I'm waiting for my real life to begin Any minute now My shipper's coming in
I'll keep checking the horizon And I'll check my machine I'm sure to be that call It's gonna happen soon Soon, oh so very soon
It's just the times are lean And you say, be still my love Open up your heart, let the light shine in Don't you understand?
Oh, I already have a plan I'm waiting for my real life to begin
On a clear day I can see See for a long way On a clear day I can see See for a long
It's a beautiful day out here.
I swear Solar Flare 9 comes in and says, nice intro today.
And then I blew the sound transition to this first slide here.
Thank you very much for the compliment.
Welcome to the show.
Good to see everybody in the chat.
Sorry, I missed the 11.11 start time as usual.
It's just trying to juggle all these things in the background.
And since I don't have my four assistants, my family's not here right now.
You know, I'm making the sandwiches and also
putting the chickens out and this kind of thing.
It's very easy to realize how much my wife does when she's not here and how well I have it.
And so I'm very thankful for that and that they can have that time away.
Again, it's also partly due to the support that people provide this stream that my family is able to be over there for a little while with my wife's family.
And so thank you to all of you for that as well.
If we invest money in anything besides rent, it's actually that.
And so, yeah, if...
So anyway, here we are.
We're still trying to get the word out about the basic gist of the narrative being wrong, that there was no evidence of spread in New York City or really anywhere in the world.
Infectious clones are the only real thing we need to understand about virology and placebo batches and how they were likely used and the whole idea of transformation and transfection that even Bret Weinstein still can't seem to dedicate more than a sentence to.
when in reality understanding transfection and transformation is at the heart of our inability to have exercised informed consent when it would have mattered.
And informed consent was also not possible because we weren't being told the truth about what was happening.
I'm gonna slip out of here for a second and restart again just to make sure that we get a smooth video here.
So they fooled us into solving the mystery of the
of the origins of the virus and commitment to those lies about that are where we are right now and they did it with weaponized piles of money they did it with social media they did it with
with programming social media to create this and reinforce the limited spectrum of debate.
And that limited spectrum of debate allowed us or sort of coerced us into accepting the existence of the novel virus.
And that's where we are today.
We're accepting that mythology.
And anybody that doesn't accept that mythology is just attributed bad motives or, you know, white supremacist or something like this.
And that's where we are.
And it's these weaponized piles of money that aren't recent developments.
They are weaponized piles of money, the largest of which descend from weaponized piles of money like the Dutch East Indies Company.
And the British version of that as well.
I find it always really curious that very few of these historians ever mention the Dutch East Indies Company.
It's always the other one, the British East Indies Company or whatever that one was.
There were two and they competed with each other.
And the Dutch one was also a giant pile of money.
So we've got to show as many people this history as we can while we're showing them the future.
Or at least the future that these futurists like Ray Kurzweiler and Metzel and these kinds of people have planned for us.
And yeah, we have to learn the history of the vaccination program.
We have to learn the history of the AIDS virus.
We have to learn the history of chronic fatigue syndrome.
We have to learn the history of Judy Mikovits and learn the early history of Robert Malone and the people that he studied retroviruses with or we're never gonna be able to take back power from these charlatans because they inherited the power from their mentors and those mentors had power over our family.
And so if we wanna take back
the charlatans power we're gonna have to look back into the history of where they got it not only do we have to understand the mythology and how it is contradictory to everything we know about biology but we have to understand why these people were necessary for us to be bamboozled this time and why these people are actually what fifth generation warfare is it is the combination of these people
and these people that makes fifth generation warfare possible, that actually makes it happen.
And if we're going to make gentle the life of this world, we're going to have to break all of these illusions about our history, all of these illusions about what we know.
And we're going to have to break them with our children by our side, with their hands in our hands, as we show them this illusion of consensus that extends into our history and how America as a republic has been usurped a long time ago by traitors with
with loyalties to other powers.
And as we set our children off into the future as young adults, we're going to be sending them off into the future either where they understand how this illusion is created, they understand how this illusion of consensus is weaponized against us, or they don't.
And so I think it's a really crucial time in American history for us to stay focused on the biology and the history, to stay focused on not taking their bait on social media.
Case in point was this past weekend and Love Your Neighbor.
Now I'm not saying at all that what happened this past weekend is fake.
What I'm saying is, is that they've shaken our understanding so much that our default assumption is that it's fake.
That's a bad one.
That's a really bad assumption.
Unfortunately, we don't want to be in a scenario where we're assuming that everything is fake because then they can get away with anything with the combination of, well, it might be fake and incompetence.
That's why we've got to realize that there are things we can know.
And we need to spread the word about what we know each week.
Spread it all the time, because the more you spread it, the more likely it is that this thing is going to become a self-sustaining jogger knot, where we can help other people join the independent bright web and fight against this illusion on the internet, the illusion on social media.
And that's what it is.
It's an illusion, the entire thing.
YouTube, Facebook, Gab, Discord.
Twitter, X, whatever you want to call it, is one of the most amazing examples of how we were told that the town square is X. You know, the town square is X. No, I'm sorry, it's not.
And we need to have a serious paradigm shift about that in our young people so that they understand the breadth and the depth of how social media has been weaponized against us.
It's not a random algorithm.
And the illusion is sustained when you believe that.
when you think that your posts go viral by accident when you think that people rise because they're just lucky and so you just keep playing the lottery hoping that you're gonna win you've got to engage in non-compliance especially on social media and i'm gonna try and lead the way i haven't been on twitter today yet and i don't know if i'm gonna be again um i don't know we've got to be careful ladies and gentlemen because it's ramping up
I tell you what.
What a crazy place we are in when, as host of this broadcast, I feel necessary to say that if we start with the default that everything is fake, we may be in a very dangerous position.
But of course, with respect to the pandemic, everything wasn't fake.
With respect to the pandemic, everything wasn't fake.
People died.
People were murdered.
People were given 60 liters a minute of supplementary oxygen before they were put on ventilators.
People were given ventilators when they could talk.
People were given remdesivir.
But understanding how this illusion was used against us to create the assumption that something novel was there despite all of this murder is at the heart of this illusion.
And so starting with the default that everything is fake,
is not what we've done.
We started with the default that this was a lab leak, and we have settled after four and a half years on the idea that a lab leak, irrespective of whether it could happen and be detectable, would not result in a pandemic, because RNA can't do that.
But I'm a human just like you.
And so I made a lot of mistakes in this pandemic thinking I was doing the right thing.
But the important thing to realize is over the course of my record, over the last four and a half years, I have a record of integrity.
I've corrected.
I've criticized the people that were supposedly on my team when I thought it was necessary.
And it has resulted in me basically being a soloist in this attempt to escape from this matrix.
So in that idea, I want to start with a... Oh, see, and now I screwed this up too.
Gosh, darn it.
I really need a little intern in here that can do this for me and get this focus up to speed right away.
And I don't even have my curtain down.
I have my curtain up because the drums are back there.
Hold on one second.
My cord is not going to let me do this.
My bad.
This is so annoying.
Lucky.
The curtain is on a magnet so it can be brought in real easy.
There we go.
I'm gonna start the show today with a clip from The Matrix because I want you to understand a little bit what I think is a crucial moment that we're at right now where I think we can actually pause the program.
And so what I'd like to do is start with this little movie, and then let me just kind of give you an idea of what I mean here.
And I'm sure it's not going to take a lot of explanation.
I'll get rid of the moving stuff here for a second.
Wait, what's going on here?
Did I start with that?
Oh, yeah, sorry.
So, you know, intraoscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfixion in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
And RNA cannot pandemic.
I've already said this once in the introduction, but I will say it again.
Weaponized piles of money have convinced us to argue about this.
And by arguing about it, we've accepted it.
And all sides of the narrative were coordinated and controlled and amplified in such a way that it was very difficult for any of us to escape this argument in 20 and 21.
And because we all engaged in this argument with or without our willing participation, we engaged in this argument and therefore we accepted its premises.
And that's the magic trick, of course, that Noam Chomsky talks about when he says that the smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow a very lively debate within that spectrum.
And that is very similar to a statement made in 1924 in a book by Edward Bernays, where he says, the conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element of democratic society.
The Matrix is a system, Neil.
That system is our enemy.
When you're inside, you look around, what do you see?
Businessmen, teachers, lawyers, carpenters, the very minds of the people we are trying to save.
But until we do, these people are still a part of that system, and that makes them our enemy.
You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be unplugged.
And many of them are so inert, so hopelessly dependent on the system, that they will fight to protect it.
Were you listening to me, Neo?
Or were you looking at the woman in the red dress?
I was.
Look again.
Freeze it.
And so here he's talking about how people that are in the Matrix and aren't ready to be unplugged are part of it.
Now, what you need to see is on Twitter and on Facebook, you don't see what your friends and your family see.
And what they see is an illusion of consensus that's created by those programs.
an illusion of consensus that despite the fact that they also follow you, despite the fact that they also get your posts, they are seeing an illusion of consensus that leads them to conclusions that include their friend is probably not totally on board with reality.
And so, although this is a Hollywood representation of this kind of a control mechanism and it involves elaborate bodies and big apparatuses and robots carrying and controlling them, you can think very usefully about how your phone controls the conscious thoughts of your children, controls the conscious thoughts of your family.
Very similarly to this, because when your phone, when your kids look at their phone, they see a consensus that isn't composed of their brothers and sisters and their mom and dad.
They see a consensus that could be composed of hundreds of their peers, or even worse, what they imagine is hundreds of their peers.
And so when this show talks about stopping the program, what you see is we have an opportunity right now to stop this program, to show people exactly how it has been weaponized against us right now in this instance of time.
And if we stop the program right now,
And we get this program to stop.
Sorry, I'm looking at the camera, but I'm waiting for that thing to stop.
If we stop the program right now and show people where we are, show people all these different people and how they're connected to one another and how implausible it is for them to have the position that they have.
with the opinion that they have, with the track record that they have, with the career trajectories that they have, you will see that we are currently at a place in the story where there's so many contradictory narratives, so many characters have come together that should never have come together, that we can actually show it to people and say, pause the program.
Let me show you what's going on right now.
We can show that to people.
And I've been trying to do it with pictures like this and descriptions of how these different groups of people are organized around ideas because I've tried to show people how, because of my intense engagement since I've been trying so hard to solve the Scooby-Doo mystery, I'm one of the few people who's experienced the level of contradiction that I have.
Most people have not engaged with so many people across the spectrum trying to understand and communicate with them to really get a feel for how these people are working together.
Because otherwise it just seems like they have disparate ideas or they disagree on things because their background is different or because they come from different perspectives or they're trying to save a different career than the other guy.
And those are all lies, and they become very clear once we've realized who's not talking about 2020 and who's saying the shots are bad and contaminated with double-stranded DNA.
Still to today.
And once you realize that, you can see that these people were organized into a various lollapalooza of liars, different stages.
And they've been all performing with one goal, to mislead the young.
And I'm not talking about young, like kids.
I'm talking about college age kids and young parents, people 30 and under, that still don't have the adult experience necessary to understand that other adults will lie, cheat, and steal when it's for all the marbles.
when there are ladders that you climb where you're not allowed to look down, ladders that you climb where there are curtains, you're not allowed to look behind as long as you keep climbing, it's fine.
There are people in the United States who really still believe.
There are people that work in universities that really still believe that the vast majority of people in government and in corporations don't cheat, don't lie, and would never steal in order to get ahead.
And it is in this pretense that we have naively assumed that all of those people over there would never lie and cheat and steal in order to rise up in the power structure of governance.
But it's for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen.
And so as long as they stay committed to the idea that we have to fear free-range RNA molecules, they can basically say whatever they want to.
And they have.
And so very recently we've had this huge crossover where Steve Kirsch has now amplified Andrew Kaufman, who was identified as the ringleader of the no-virus people in February of 2020 by none other than Kevin McCairn.
my own personal clown show that I think is based in Japan, but who knows?
I mean, it's at this stage, you know, impossible to understand.
So there's been a little freak out of silence on the internet since this video was released.
which basically indicated that the daughter of Sasha Latapova had been a longtime influencer of, let's say, ill repute on the internet before the pandemic, and in fact was amplified by none other than Alex Jones in 2019.
And it becomes more and more of a twisted narrative when you realize
the extent to which Sasha Latapova has been involved in crafting the dissident narrative when she appeared in front of Craig Pardecoper for the Bad Batches, when she appeared to take over the narrative of Catherine Watt about the legal aspects of things and distilled it down to the DOD as killing Americans.
And it becomes very, very curious that all of these people in this network that we're looking at have made recent appearances on Alex Jones in the last three or four years, that Alex Jones has returned to Twitter, the, what are we calling this?
Main street town hall, whatever, and is now being lauded as kind of a guy who can see around corners by people like Brett Weinstein and Robert Malone, who now say that they've been following him for years.
And so it becomes very frightening when we look back and we see that her daughter was busy with really disturbing videos.
Somebody making disturbing videos of her already several years before the pandemic.
Almost like they are testing the internet with podcasts and with influencers.
Here she is pretending to OD.
Um, which is not really something that, um, I would say a particularly great parent would allow to exist, be created, nevermind still be on the internet today.
Um, so it's a very, very disturbing place we're in because again, this is a girl who, if you just pause this here, um, we are talking about what, who these people.
Milo, Laura Loomer, I don't know who Briggs is, look at his face, Copper Cab.
So this is a network of people orchestrated and funded.
I don't see Mark Kulak in that picture.
I don't see Jonathan Cooley in that picture, but I do see the daughter of Sasha Latupova.
And if you listen to this video in particular, you hear things that I think are beyond reproach.
You hear things about her when she's pointing the gun at the screen, that she says things like, oh, I'm going to the gay parade, you know, just in case, this is how you do it.
And you can see her later shooting guns and saying things like, this is for you, Hitler, this is for you, Trump.
And that's very odd.
She's also talking in the beginning of the video, which I find the creepiest, about recruiting people to do bad things in America.
Particularly, I think she says Discord or something like that.
Which is odd because that may be where this kid from Bethel Park, just down the street from me, was actually recruited on Discord.
Although they say he had no social media presence at all.
If he was on Discord, it wouldn't be on his phone, you see?
So we're in a very interesting place when this is, these are the words of Sasha Latupova's daughter sometime during the pandemic because, and it's really likely that Sasha was filming this video because there's at least one photograph of Sasha and her daughter in this outfit with these guns, it looks like.
Certainly at this place, it seems to be.
So let's just play one minute of this so that we recall why we did the show two days ago and why it might be useful for you to see it if you haven't.
It's federal agent Clyde Cohen here.
Now, I know I'm not in uniform right now.
That's because I'm going undercover.
In light of all the recent false flag shootings, you might be wondering, how do I get on in on the action, you know?
What do I gotta do to be the lucky guy that gets recruited to do something crazy?
I might get in on that action.
Lucky for you, citizen of the United States, and Biden's Build Back Better bill, because he loves you so much, absconded in the 10,000 pages federal false flag subsidization program.
For example, if you're thinking, you know what, maybe I don't have the nerve to do something crazy.
We'll give you all the SSRIs and fluoride you need.
You're thinking, where do I get the money for these fancy guns?
Where do you think these like
So this person, this persona, has been in development for years.
Her position on the internet has been in development for years.
And her mom is Sasha Latapova.
Now, why is this important?
Well, because unlike myself, who got seven minutes to spit out as much as he could, and then Robert Malone took 40 more minutes, and Meryl Nass took 10 more minutes, and Jessica Rose took 10 more minutes, and then a very confused Tess Laurie took five minutes.
Sasha Latupova in 2023, remember the mom of Soph, who was featured on Alex Jones two or three times in 2019 as our American hero kid, was featured by Children's Health Defense no less than three times in 2023.
Once with meddler and longtime, I believe, deep state liar, Meryl Nass.
And then with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who was gonna give me an hour on his podcast until he saw the slide deck, and then they decided that they had to bring other people on board.
But Sasha Latupova needed two hours in 2023 to make sure that her message and her role as an American thought leader, which was later promoted on Epoch Times by a little podcast with the American thought leaders in the corner here,
So in 2023, there was a pretty big plug for this woman to become some kind of patriot on the pseudo neoconservative side of the Kennedy thing.
And the same people that are promoting Kennedy, like Brett Weinstein, were also on Alex Jones a couple weeks ago.
Robert Malone, also on Alex Jones a couple weeks ago.
Peter McCullough, and all of these people are doing the circuit.
David Martin was recently on Alex Jones.
David Martin was just covered on the Jimmy Dore by Mark Kulak last night.
And so you can see this network of human beings being promoted and promoting each other.
And then you can see in concert their amplification on foreign media, the amplification of these personas that are created to create the illusion of consensus that something's going wrong in America, that Americans have lost it.
And all around the world, that's the message that's being sent.
And that's why I really despise Sky News and the way that they do it, because they're not worried about their ally, America, being undermined from within.
The UK is not worried about their ally, America, being undermined from within.
Something is going just fine, apparently.
And the only thing's wrong is that these lefties are losing it or something like this.
The real message, the real effect is the idea of America is being destroyed around the world using this concert of liars.
I was interviewed on May 18th by this person named Gabe Mason.
And I was emailed yesterday that he's sorry, decided he's not going to go forward with his new project.
He's not going to publish that video after all.
I guess he's pretending that he didn't see that I already published that video and commented on it.
It's extraordinary, right?
Because I was also, right after the red pill, I was interviewed by Dr. Lee Merritt on June 27th.
It's now July 17th and there's still no release of the video.
Now she could be a good guy and the people that release her videos are not, I don't know.
But I realized in looking into her after the video, because I don't have, it's the only one I never made a recording of, something got screwed up here.
So I've been asking for the raw footage from her, but I haven't been offered a link or anything that way yet.
She said a week ago or more that she was editing the video and she loved it and she was taking notes, but I still haven't seen it.
I still haven't been given a link of it.
And I noticed in looking into her, it's hard to find where her podcast is, but it isn't hard to find that she was promoted as a COVID misinformation doctor by NPR, which is, you could see that as a promotion, non-promotion.
I mean, it seems like they're telling you that that's misinformation, but they're telling millions of people her name, telling millions of people where to find her and who's promoting her.
that what right wing media is promoting her.
They named all of it, Blaze News or Daily Wire or whatever.
How am I supposed to see it when people interview me on May 18th because they're supposed to be trying to do a brand new project and they've got 90 videos on YouTube and now they've decided they're just not going to release the video anymore.
How am I supposed to see it when somebody's really excited to interview me?
And I don't really say a lot of ums and ahs.
There's not a lot of pausing in the way that I talk.
And so I don't know what editing needs to be done.
Maybe you gotta paste on a beginning and an ending, but I think from June 27th to July 17th is enough if you make your primary living by podcasting.
I don't understand.
I want to be optimistic here, but I'm not very optimistic because we didn't talk about infectious clones in that interview.
We didn't talk about my red pill conference speech or presentation in that interview at all.
We talked about all kinds of other things.
And so I'm very frustrated because this has happened many times before.
Jessica Hock had hooked me up with a bunch of people from Panda after I'd already left Panda because Panda felt yucky to me when Mary the virologist and Jennifer the virologist, Jennifer the virologist was recently on Steve Kirsch's VSRF show.
I had left Panda in a couple of weeks after the third time I presented to them.
But the crazy thing is, is that Jessica Hockett tried to bring me back to Panda, tried to get me to log into the Slack again, and tried to get me to write something with these two guys that eventually wrote one of the worst virology reviews ever made, and claimed that they cited me in it.
Stop lying!
We have V. John Health, who promoted Robert Malone several times, who promotes Gerd van den Bosch like every week, and has had Kevin McCairn, Charles Rixey, and Christine Grace on as experts about amyloid and the lipid nanoparticle and lab leak.
And it's just a joke that they tried to promote me, but not really.
They're promoting this ridiculous Joe Lee
I can explain everything hypothesis.
He's just like, it's just like Marc Giraudeau, but with a different sales pitch and a different solution.
He thinks it's some kind of chaining up of antibodies and antigens and Marc Giraudeau thinks it's bolus and injecting wrong.
Room temperature coffee, great.
I don't know, you might be surprised or not surprised that very recently the guy who said that the ACE2 affinity in SARS-CoV-2 was orders of magnitude higher than the ferret in early 2020 and has testified many, many times about how this has to be a lab leak because my modeling data shows that the ACE2 affinity is way beyond normal.
And so I think it's really significant that although I am listed in this book on the acknowledgements page as being one of the guys that this was really necessary,
Um, really, really necessary, right?
Jonathan Cooey, right there.
There's my name.
This book would not have been possible without the expertise and invaluable insights provided by Jonathan Cooey, Gavin DeBecker, his head of security, Merrill Nass, Francis Boyle, Paul Thacker, Brett Weinstein, Lee Smith, John Jekielek.
Who's that?
That's frickin' Epoch Times.
Ellen Dewar, I've never met her.
Derek Harvey, never met him.
Stephen Quay, oh yeah, the guy from Australia who just showed that the, you know, was just on Vajon Health and demonstrated very early on that the Ace Two had crazy affinity.
So then we go Andrew Huff, oh wow, that's great.
Jeffrey Sachs, oh that's the guy who speaks more at the Vatican than anybody else.
Ah, Richard Ebright, the guy who said in the end of 2020 in November that we would kill 250,000 college students if we went back
without some kind of controls or mandates on how we do things at colleges.
And Annie Jacobson, I think she might be okay.
Hal Gold, Alex Yoska, and Stephan Kinzer.
Now, as far as I know, none of these people in this list, except for me, worked on the book on a daily basis.
Unless there was another group of people working on the book on a daily basis besides the one that I was a part of.
None of them.
They were all readers.
They all got, you know, got asked things or they're quoted in it.
But they weren't working on it every day.
They didn't have access to the document for many, many months or something like that.
They were given access at some point.
They were quoted at some point.
They were asked to read the part that they're in.
The only person on this list, the only one, is me.
Is that a big deal?
No, I don't think so because Bobby doesn't think I'm anybody and no one's talking to me anymore.
So I guess it's not that big a deal.
I just want you to understand why I think it's a big deal.
Why it feels like to me, I've actually seen the alien that everybody else says they're seeing.
That's why I think it's really important I was over here.
So I think it's really important to see this video and to understand that even then, in this video, I didn't understand that Robert Malone was working against us.
I didn't understand that Meryl Nass was working against us or Jessica Rose.
I thought this was flattery.
I thought this meant that my hypothesis was so important that Bobby wanted all of these people to comment on it.
And even after this video occurred, I still didn't see what they did to me.
I was frustrated, but not for the reasons that made sense.
And now here we are in 2024, and Robert Malone is giving us the skinny on the avian flu, and Children's Health Defense, who publishes his book, Sky Horse Publishing is gonna publish his Psy War book that's coming out in September.
Children's Health Defense and Brownstone Institute
are writing articles about about gain of function in avian flu and about how gain of function is ultimately the danger.
So the avian flu
narrative in the dissident circles are being buttressed on one side by a reasonable Robert Malone and on the other side by a little bit of a hysterical Brownstone Institute and CHD.
And that's pretty extraordinary because CHD let me go because I was interfering with their ability to interact with their partners, I presume to be the authors of the books like Robert Malone.
And now the Brownstone Institute and Robert Malone continue to bookend the narrative by talking about and telling us what we saw and what happened and where we should find our information on Twitter about Donald Trump's attempted assassination.
Robert Malone specifically says here, then put your big boy girl pants on and get ready to act.
I cannot predict what is about to happen, but it's not gonna be a gentlemanly disagreement.
They want civil war.
And the platform they want us to use to find out when to start the civil war is Elon Musk's X, because this is the platform, because of this platform, we know what we know.
And so I think it's really important to see that what Edward Bernays talked about is now visible if you just pause the program.
and see that podcasts and groups of liars are being used to manipulate society, manipulate opinions, manipulate the questions that we ask, to manipulate people into believing that they are actually being heard and that their concerns are being taken forward by other leaders.
When in reality, they did to Byron Bridle exactly what Bobby did to me with that book.
And that the other side of the coin is that people like Twiv are doing it to lots of people in academia and doing it to lots of people on the other side of this narrative that never really found their way to a dissident position.
with regard to the pandemic and what happened.
They still think that it was just a bunch of bad decisions put in place and put in motion by Trump.
And that's a simple enough explanation for them.
And the dark web is now recruiting and using other people to talk about Mike Yeadon and everything else.
And these people are all part of the same mechanism that is manipulating our opinions, manipulating what questions we ask.
manipulating what questions our children ask as they look at their phone and see an illusion of consensus that has nothing to do with what their parents think, nothing to do with what their grandparents think.
And the way that they've done this is with this incredible network of people that get together and ask questions and agree that these questions are the right questions to ask.
and they get together on others.
And they, you know, it doesn't matter what stage you go to, the UK, Australia, or America, the Joe Rogan podcast, or any of the people underneath him.
It's just one pyramid of liars.
And that pyramid is most aptly visible in my experiences on Twitter.
most aptly visible with my experiences on Twitter.
That's my testimony here.
And so I really find it compelling if you really just inspect what's going on here.
When you see that Kevin McCairn and Kevin McKernan, two people that should never be, never have been together in this narrative, were recently promoted in March.
on the LifeSite News as being experts in prions, and he presented in Australia, or at least on Zoom to Australia.
And then Kevin McKernan is also promoted, and his video is promoted in the same article.
And so they might not be able to show this everywhere.
Kevin McCarran has no chance of being an expert in America because it will immediately burn him and burn them.
So he can be an expert in Australia because again, they see a different stage.
And LifeSite News, that's already a place where only we go.
And so putting them together in this article brings together two of these liars, these narrative curators from 2020.
Two people that were already podcasting daily with other podcasters in February of 2020.
Think about this.
Think about how implausible it is that this guy up here was the one who said that Andy Kaufman had to be opposed.
This guy up here said amyloid and prion disease is being caused by the spike protein, which is a gain of function incapacitating agent in 2020, and was sure of it, that a billion people could die.
And this guy over here was sure that it's not really a novel virus, it just is, but the PCR works great.
And I'm even using PCR to test the weed, because I'm afraid that the government's going to think that old people are getting sick from the weed.
And so I got to already have this stuff going.
So that's why I'm sequencing stuff in the weed.
That was 2020.
Now in 2024, they're together in a LifeSite article as experts on prions.
And it's extraordinary.
Now we have Kevin McKernan.
the the human genome project long time deep state operative working for the government since his dad did probably and Charles Rixey one of the meddlers in my personal story that actually showed up at my freaking house with a woman and a toddler
stayed overnight, did a stream with me that later, supposedly, Robert Malone sat Senator Ron Johnson and Robert F. Kennedy down and said, you got to watch this stream.
And as a result of that, Robert F. Kennedy hired me and Charles Rixey to work on this red book.
Now, just recently on the 14th and the 11th of July, it came to my attention because of Wolfgang that here's Kevin McKernan retweeting Charles Rixey talking about pandemic insurance and mentioning Nick from Panda and talking about metabiotic.
Now, what I see here,
Is Kevin McKernan basically indirectly saying that Metobiota and the front man of that, Nathan Wolfe, are legitimate virologists?
They're also saying that Peter Daszak is a legitimate virologist because Hecal Health Alliance was doing things that was legitimate.
And so Peter Daszak and Nathan Wolf are two central masterminds in the calamity that has occurred.
And Charles Rixey, my personal little clown show meddler that usually is coordinating and sometimes even apparently staying in Japan.
I don't know if he took his wife or his woman and his daughter there, but his staying in Japan with Kevin McCairn, a guy who I streamed with earliest of early of early, five weekends in a row.
with another guy by the name of Paul Cottrell, who's still attached to the meddler of all meddlers, George Webb, today.
These two guys now are tweeting each other as if, yeah, it's cool.
It's totally cool.
I agree totally on what you're talking about.
It's the pandemic insurance game for real viruses, and Metalbiota was working on real viruses, and EcoHealth Alliances was working on real viruses.
Stop lying!
How do you explain this picture?
Is it really just because I'm such a creep?
Or is it because none of these people are legitimate actors?
They are all participants in the narrative curation.
They are all part of this, I hate the term deep state, but it's the only one that is broad enough.
It is part of this intelligence operation, this military operation, whatever the hell this national security operation is.
It is coordinated across five eyes countries with the idea of control demolishing the idea of America.
Ahmed Malik is in on this.
That's why he's so late to the party that he didn't do anything in 2020 or 2021 or 2022.
And it might've mattered.
Philip Buchholz is a guy who did testing very early on and then said that, well, the DNA contamination isn't that bad.
I'd still give it to my parents, just not my daughter.
And collaborated very hard with Kevin McKernan on the sequencing of the transfections, which we still call vaccines.
Matthew Crawford claims over and over in his Bitcoin chat group that he tried to help me start a business, tried to help me write a book, and was doing everything for my family.
Stop lying!
He wanted me to start a business where people with Bitcoin could buy shares in collectibles that would be stored in airport lockers for shit's sake.
Jessica Hockett befriended me and got me bamboozled by a bunch of people in, in, in Panda that wrote the worst virology thing ever.
And then when I called them out on it, they blocked me.
They didn't call.
She didn't send me one of her charming voice messages anymore.
She just blocked me.
George Webb, the ultimate meddler, the guy with Paul Cuttrell.
There's little Christine Grace, the lady that sent two emails to my employer saying that I was disparaging her when all I did was say that she went on Vajon Health and gave the shittiest presentation I've ever seen with the shittiest slide deck ever used.
And she did it in coordination with Kevin McCarran and Charles Rixey.
I see Joe Lee here, the guy with the big idea about spikes and antibodies making big chains that are resulting in autism.
I see Simon Godek here who just blocked me for no reason.
I just invited him to talk.
I see Robert Malone's blocked me and unblocked me several times.
Jessica Rose, the one that pointed out that there was no VAERS signal before the pandemic, but now there's a great big VAERS signal.
and then made a living on that one story for four years straight while she was surfing on three continents.
There's Adam Gardner, the guy that was selling ivermectin before it would have even seemed logical for somebody with his sketchy background to be selling ivermectin, and now he's still involved with the former feds and still meddling.
This guy over here, Robin Martinati, is the guy who kept the lid on Mike Yeadon for like two years on Telegram and was like the moderator and curator of Mike Yeadon's Telegram and basically was a controller of him.
That's why they split off and Mike Yeadon made his own Telegram thing because that dude flipped out on me one day.
The entire story is here, all the way back to Yuri Dagan, who's one of the dudes who's in Drastic, who actually got to interview on Bret Weinstein's podcast in 2020 about the possibility of a lab leak before I even knew who Bret Weinstein was.
And now we see that Kevin McKernan and Charles Rixey are exactly the same.
They believe in exactly the same things, that Peter Daszak is a wizard.
that Metobiota was a crazy, impressive company doing crazy, impressive biology, and the combination of these two existing is sufficient evidence to say for sure that this was a laboratory-created virus that's spinning around the world.
That's the agreement.
Even if Kevin McKernan doesn't say it, just by retweeting him and blocking me, that's where we are.
And so once you see it, once the matrix stops, once you stop the program and realize that when you look around, all these people are working together and they have been.
And the reason why it's become so obvious right now at this point in time is basically the red pill.
Because it was that weekend that suddenly Steve Kirsch had to have Andy Kaufman on.
It was that weekend.
that all of this stuff started to happen, that they all lost their minds.
It was that month that the ruse of Engler and Neal and Hudson and Hockett was exposed.
When I was also simultaneously shelling all of these anonymous accounts, we just don't need to listen to them.
There's no reason to listen to anybody who isn't putting their own life and liberty on the line.
And you have to realize that these anonymous accounts are necessarily part of this theater.
They are weaponized against us to create the illusion of consensus.
If one of these meddlers tweets and three other anonymous accounts go, go get them, then the illusion of consensus is right there.
And that's how we've all been fooled inside of these little groups, inside of these threads, in these endless message chains.
The weaponized piles of money convinced us what to argue about, what questions to ask.
And as a result, we accepted the presuppositions of those questions.
And we are still being manipulated by that theater of lies today.
you
So what was mitobiota really?
What can we do to understand this?
I think we gotta go back.
I always think we gotta go back.
So it's always handy if the PBS NewsHour did a show.
So let's see what the PBS NewsHour did.
Finally tonight, the work of a scientist who spends his days tracking killer diseases.
A nondescript office building in downtown San Francisco
may seem like an unlikely headquarters for one of the world's most prominent virus hunters.
But it's where Stanford University biologist Nathan Wolfe has set up his war room to monitor and study new and potentially deadly viruses emerging around the globe.
It looks like we're going to release an Ebola finding on Monday.
The 41-year-old Wolfe is the founder and director of the Global Viral Forecasting Initiative.
The mission sounds simple, but it's not.
Who was that?
It's a mix of high-tech detective work and old-fashioned, on-the-ground epidemiology research.
And it's the subject of his new book, The Viral Storm, The Dawn of a New Pandemic Age.
I sat down with Wolf in his office.
What we're looking at is this interface between human and animal populations.
And we're trying to basically catch the really early stages of these pandemics, the moment at which, frankly, the pandemic is born or an epidemic is born.
And I always joke that- So how is it possible already with this five minutes, three minutes, one minute of video?
I don't believe a word he's saying.
I think he's completely fake.
But Charles Rixey thinks that this is a real virologist and probably responsible for it.
Do you see the ridiculousness of it?
Now go watch Peter Daszak on 60 Minutes from 2003 or whenever it was.
And then watch Peter Daszak when he's on 60 Minutes a few years later again.
And tell me you don't see the same ridiculous joke where the illusion, where the illusion of pandemic potential is being created.
Does it surprise you that it's being created on PBS NewsHour years before the pandemic by somebody who is intimately connected with Vice President Biden?
It shouldn't.
What should surprise you is the insistence on the idea that this is a legitimate, this is legitimate evidence that COVID is real.
that this guy is legitimate evidence that COVID is real is what exposes Kevin McKernan and Charles Rixey and that whole crew of people as being full of shit.
And all you gotta do is stop the program and see it for what it is because that is the moment we're at.
It is a moment where the contradiction is too great.
And let me make sure that I am reminding you again of what I'm talking about.
I am talking about this particular slide right here.
Where Charles Rixey on July 11th.
has tweeted directed evolution.
Now an 18 month old project of Pfizer doing gain of function research for money is just like EcoHealth Alliance was doing the predict program included EHA and metal biota funded by a Biden who sold pandemic insurance.
And then here's him agreeing with him.
Yeah.
And the pandemic insurance game is where Nick Hudson was from and why he's crying about it now.
That's extraordinary, ladies and gentlemen, because let's watch Middle Biota's president or founder on PBS NewsHour.
He's not real.
Finally tonight, the work of a scientist who spends his days tracking killer diseases.
A nondescript office building in downtown San Francisco may seem like an unlikely headquarters for one of the world's most prominent virus hunters.
But it's where Stanford University biologist Nathan Wolfe has set up his war room to monitor and study new and potentially deadly viruses emerging around the globe.
It looks like we're gonna release an Ebola finding on Monday.
The 41-year-old Wolfe is the founder and director of the Global Viral Forecasting Initiative.
The mission sounds simple, but it's not.
So what we're looking for here.
Potentially deadly viruses
Watch that lady right there.
Can you see my mouse?
Watch this lady.
See that lady right there?
Watch.
They're gonna show her again.
It looks like we're gonna release an Ebola finding on Monday.
The 41-year-old wolf is the founder and director of the Global Viral Forecasting Initiative.
The mission sounds simple, but it's not.
Detect pandemics and stop them before they spread.
How Wolf and his team do that is a mix of high-tech detective work and old-fashioned... Wolf and his team do that is a mix of high-tech detective work and old-fashioned... See that lady?
...epidemiology research.
And it's the subject of his new book, The Viral Storm, the Dawn of a New Pandemic Age.
I sat down with Wolf in his office.
What we're looking at is this interface between human and animal populations.
And we're trying to basically catch the really early stages of these pandemics, the moment at which, frankly, the pandemic is born or an epidemic is born.
And I always joke that if you go to Ocean Beach here in San Francisco, you'll always see people running up and kissing their dogs.
And that's a moment of cross-species transmission.
Oh my gosh, what an idiot.
I only hear Rick Bright's voice when I hear him talking.
So now they're gonna show bits of the movie Contagion, which is also handy, isn't it?
The average person touches their face three to five times every waking minute.
In between, we're touching doorknobs, water fountains, and each other.
A much more serious but fictional cross-species transmission was the focus of this summer's thriller, Contagion.
in which millions died from a virus found in pigs and bats.
Wolf was a technical director on the film.
In the real world, viruses, the microscopic pathogens that invade and destroy host cells, have been jumping from animals to humans for ages.
But with the huge increases in modern air traffic, an outbreak in one country
Of course he has a biohazard sticker on his Mac.
Of course he does.
Look at air traffic network.
They're showing you how it's gonna happen.
The challenge that we face right now is we're so interconnected that these viruses can spread
in a day.
You're absolutely right.
Interacting with dogs, I mean it's already, there's lots of evidence out there that people who have pets have far fewer allergies.
It's just absurd to say that when you kiss your dog it's a cross-species transmission event.
But again,
Remember, this is supposed to be a serious virologist, according to Charles Rixey and Kevin McKernan.
And Kevin McCairn, and all these people.
Very serious virologists worth funding to the tune of millions of dollars.
Don't you see how ridiculous it is?
I hope you can see it around the world.
You know, they can go from Central Africa, Southeast Asia.
They can get to Tokyo.
They can get to New York City.
That's crystal clear.
That global interconnectedness was highlighted in recent years with the SARS outbreak in 2003 and more recently with the H1N1 swine flu virus started in Mexico.
it quickly infected millions.
And that swine flu was the one where we watched the video from the Netherlands where they're like, yes, 35,000 or 35 million doses were ordered and he shows the phone.
It's all the same scam.
And then there's AIDS.
At a 2009 TED talk, Wolf pointed out that millions of lives could potentially have been saved
if the AIDS virus had been discovered when it first crossed from chimps to humans.
This photo was taken before the Great Depression in Brazzaville, Congo.
At this time, there were thousands of individuals, we think, that were infected with HIV.
If this virus was in thousands of individuals at this point, why was it the case that it took us until 1984 to be able to discover this virus?
At his headquarters, Wolf has assembled a team of savvy young computer gurus who comb the Internet.
using sophisticated algorithms to search for the digital clues that could indicate the outbreak of a disease.
People, if they're sick, they'll search on a certain kind of symptoms, or at least a number of them will.
So at every moment, whether people are searching or tweeting or texting, people are increasingly sending off massive amounts of data.
Is he arguing for the idea that Palantir, for example, might be able to scrape the internet for signals that would indicate early signals of a pending pandemic?
It sounds like that to me.
It sounds like they're talking about scraping internet data for signals that indicate pandemic potential, which is an extraordinary thing.
It's not really the same as using metagenomic sequencing to look into the background noise, which is what I think they also do.
So this is another interesting side to put to this, where again, remember Kevin McCurden and Charles Rixey and Kevin McCairn and everybody else.
I think also Robert Malone and the whole Nine Yards would say that Nathan Wolfe is a legitimate dude who got legitimate money to do legitimate things.
Give us potential clues into what they're doing, what they're thinking.
But to really understand what viral threats are lurking out there, Wolf has to get out... Look at how dirty he is.
His shoes are so dirty.
Look how fake that is.
That dude needed knee-high boots, but Nathan Wolf didn't need knee-high boots.
He could go out there in dress shoes.
But to really understand what viral threats are lurking out there, Wolf has to get out of the office.
Speak French with this guy for a second.
You just pretend like you understand.
He's...
This is the national security operation right here.
It was started years ago with performances by people like Nathan Wolf that went on TED Talks, that went in front of the UN, that went in front of lanyard-covered audiences.
Wolf and his colleagues have been trekking through dense jungles in West Africa and parts of Asia, studying the close interactions between humans
and the animals they hunt and eat.
The unhygienic conditions in which the bushmeat, or wild game, is captured, prepared, and eaten allows blood, bodily fluids, and viruses
to pass between hunter and prey.
We've been working, say, in parts of Central Africa for over 10, 12 years, just working with these populations year in and year out.
And we're able to document this sometime, literally to watch these viruses as they're jumping over from animals into human populations.
We see novel retroviruses, so viruses that are in the same broad family as HIV, moving over into these hunters from animals that they've hunted.
Wolf's team has collected more than 200,000 blood and tissue samples from animals, hunters and their families in Africa and Asia.
field labs Wolf describes as excellent catch in the chat.
It's definitely true that the Defense Intelligence Agency created a 501 c3 called the global viral forecasting Institute, which is what became metabiotic and so you can see it for what it is there the ties to Ukraine and to the Biden family go to this metabiotic and go to this sort of
construction of a narrative.
Now, I don't know if they were making molecules over there that they would later detect.
I don't know if they were making the small protein toxin that they released or whatever the story is and whatever was made over there in Ukraine or not made over there.
The illusion that this stuff was happening is what creates the illusion of pandemic potential, but they probably weren't doing anything but renting office space.
That's what you need to see.
If they brought diplomats over there and pretended to carry suitcases with shit in them, it would just create the illusion of pandemic potential in Ukraine.
Create the illusion of bioweapons labs in Ukraine.
The illusion of bioweapons, of laboratories is very easy to create and amplify.
And it seems like to me, that's what they did.
We never saw any evidence of the labs.
We were told that the Russians went in there because of the labs.
We were told the labs were there, why?
Because of metabiota.
So Nathan Wolf, again, is a guy who apparently is so smart, so brilliant, that he was given this high of a role in the national security state.
And I just think- Stop lying!
I just think that's crazy.
There's no way in hell that guy is in that role.
Viral listening posts.
Those samples are continuously analyzed by scientists for signs that new pathogens are crossing over to humans.
A lot of the places that you identify as sort of the petri dishes for future threats are also places with tiny gross national products, places that just getting through the day is a big enough threat, much less worrying about tiny viruses and future threats that are somewhere out there in the forest.
Look, I think this is a really pivotal point.
We'll sit with these populations.
They say, look, yes, we understand animals get sick and die.
We see sick animals.
We also know that we can acquire some of these illnesses.
Our family members have been hunting and butchering all their lives.
You know, this is our primary source, at least for now, for animal protein.
As a virologist, I didn't sort of expect that I would come to advocating for focusing on rural poverty and protein alternatives.
And so this is a really pivotal point.
We'll sit with these populations.
They say, look,
Yes, we understand animals get sick and die.
We see sick animals.
We also know that we can acquire some of these illnesses.
Our family members have been hunting and butchering all their lives.
You know, this is our primary source, at least for now, for animal protein.
As a virologist, I didn't sort of expect that I would... In 2011, he's talking about our primary source of protein being animal protein?
Wow.
And that it might not be that way forever?
Seems like he's read in on a little bit more than virology.
Seems like the source of the pandemic, you know, pandemic potential being Peter Daszak and EcoHealth Alliance and Nathan Wolf and Metobiota seems based a lot on a PBS NewsHour portrayal of him.
rather than the real biology that he engaged in or didn't engage in.
I find it very, very interesting that Kevin McKernan and Charles Rixey are essentially pushing the same bullshit narrative.
It's extraordinary.
After four and a half years that these two traitors to America are coming together on Twitter.
Let me go back because that wasn't over.
literally to watch these viruses as they're jumping over from animals into human populations.
We see novel retroviruses, so viruses that are in the same broad family as HIV, moving over into these hunters from animals that they've hunted.
Wolf's team has collected more than 200,000 blood and tissue samples from animals, hunters.
He claims to find retroviruses moving from the animals to these people, and I think that's got to be a lie.
I've not seen the paper.
And their families in Africa and Asia.
Field labs Wolf describes as viral.
What you do get with those samples, though, are our DNA.
And so they might have sampled the animals, but I bet you they sampled all the people in these places to listening posts.
Those samples are continuously analyzed by scientists for signs that new pathogens crossing over to humans.
A lot of the places that you identify as sort of the petri dishes for future threats are also places with tiny gross national products, places that just getting through the day is a big enough threat, much less worrying about tiny viruses and future threats that are somewhere out there in the forest.
Look, I think this is a really pivotal point.
We'll sit with these populations.
They say, look, yes, we understand animals get sick and die.
We see sick animals.
We also know that we can acquire some of these illnesses.
Our family members have been hunting and butchering all their lives.
You know, this is our primary source, at least for now, for animal protein.
As a virologist, I didn't sort of expect that I would come to advocating for focusing on rural poverty and protein alternatives in Central Africa, but that's part of the problem.
the significance of wolf's work is reflected in the organization supporting it the department of defense the national institutes of health and the school and gates foundations which also fund the news hour school foundation and the gates foundation that also fund the news hour and school foundation also funds
The VSRF of Steve Kirsch, so now you know.
Almost every time there's one of these outbreaks, it's a new virus from animals that jump into humans.
What keeps him up at night, and the reason why there's been so much interest in his work, is the threat of a super killer virus that's both easily transmittable and lethal.
These viruses mutate at an incredible rate.
So something which is highly transmissible but not very deadly could become very deadly.
When H1N1, the so-called swine flu, was on its way racing around the world, one of the dangers is that it would get into some pig or some duck or even a person that was simultaneously infected with another strain of flu, for example, something like H5N1.
and that these viruses would actually sort of mix and match genes.
If that happened, there was that small probability where we would get a virus that had the capacity to spread effectively and had the capacity to kill.
And that's the thing that obviously we're all afraid of.
Wolf says too much attention is placed on responses to outbreaks.
and more funding and research needs to be placed on early detection.
Pandemic prevention, this is increasingly something that people are recognizing as an issue, but it's gonna take some time for the resource.
Even the term pandemic prevention makes you accept pandemic potential.
If I say leprechaun prevention, and you think that leprechaun prevention is something that should be in the phone book, then you accept that leprechauns exist.
It's incredible how what this was done in 2011 when we were not paying attention like we are now.
We had no idea that this was the level and the depth that they would go to for all the marbles, how long they would plan it.
But this is how long.
That's why Tony Fauci is where he was for as long as he was.
See it for what it is, ladies and gentlemen.
This is to catch up.
We need, you know, basically hundreds of millions of dollars to do this work.
Really, at the end of the day, billions of dollars.
And I just think it can't be reiterated enough.
These are not the kind of things that should be cut when it comes time to cutting budgets.
If so, we're just sitting there, bullets are dodging left and right, and we're basically ignoring the shooters.
The book is The Viral Storm.
Nathan Wolf, thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Okay, so let's watch the next video.
I think it's from a little bit... I think this is the TED Talk that they just showed there.
Gremlin outbreak avoidance means not feeding things after midnight and also avoiding water.
Recently I visited Beloit, Wisconsin, and I was there to honor a great 20th century explorer.
Beloit, Wisconsin?
Mark, tell me there's something about Beloit, Wisconsin.
What about Beloit, Wisconsin?
Holy shit.
Did we just, you just covered something about Cory in Beloit, Wisconsin.
Now he's, this looks like a recent one.
This looks like around the same time as the book because he doesn't have curly hair.
There's an earlier,
Ted Talk where he has curly hair, so I might have gotten these two mixed up.
Oh my gosh, I'm going to play that again.
He was recently in Beloit, Wisconsin.
Recently, I visited Beloit, Wisconsin, and I was there to honor a great 20th century explorer, Roy Chapman Andrews.
During his time at the American Museum of Natural History... That was where the famotidine trial was handled by Robert Malone.
That's fantastic.
It's right south of Madison, Wisconsin, where Pierre Cory
was working.
It's just an interesting thing that he mentions Beloit.
Andrew's led a range of expeditions to uncharted regions, like here in the Gobi Desert.
He was quite a figure.
He was later, it's said, the basis of the Indiana Jones character.
And when I was in Beloit, Wisconsin, I gave a public lecture to a group of middle school students.
And I'm here to tell you, if there's anything more intimidating than talking here at TED, it'll be trying to hold the attention of a group of 1,000 12-year-olds for a 45-minute lecture.
Don't try that one.
At the end of the lecture, they asked me... Why?
Why would Nathan Wolf of Meadowbiota be lecturing a thousand middle school students?
I mean, that's really a big problem for me.
Why would that be happening?
because he's such a great virologist, like Kevin McKernan and Charles Rixey seem to agree about?
I asked a number of questions, but there was one that's really stuck with me since then.
There was a young girl who stood up, and she asked the question, where should we explore?
I think there's a sense that many of us have that the great age of exploration on Earth is over, that for the next generation, they're gonna have to go to outer space or the deepest oceans in order to find something significant to explore.
But is that really the case?
Is there really nowhere significant for us to explore left here on Earth?
sort of made me think back to one of my favorite explorers in the history of biology.
This is an explorer of the unseen world, Martinus Biring.
So Biring set out to discover the cause of tobacco mosaic disease.
What he did is he took the infected juice from tobacco plants and he would filter it through smaller and smaller filters.
And he reached the point where he felt that there must be something out there that was smaller than the smallest forms of life that were ever known, bacteria at the time.
He came up with a name for his mystery agent.
He called it the virus Latin for poison and in sort of uncovering viruses By rank really opened this entire new world for us We now know that viruses make up the majority of the genetic information on our planet more than the genetic information all other forms of life combined and so there's more background DNA and RNA from viruses and
than all the other DNA on earth, which is a pretty bold statement.
And it means that the background is far from zero.
like many, many, many orders of magnitude far from zero.
So we're already putting out a picture that's very different.
He's got a picture of bacteriophages here, but he's not being very specific in terms of the idea that bacteriophages have much more proof of existence than some of the RNA viruses and retroviruses that are claimed by the national security state and public health.
And obviously there's been tremendous practical applications associated with this world, things like the eradication of smallpox, the advent of a vaccine against cervical cancer, which we now know is mostly caused by human papillomavirus.
And Byron's discovery... So he's arguing for an HPV vaccine, which we already know from the movie Vaxxed 2 is one of the most abhorrent
vaccines on the schedule.
And it's actually really awful to think that the vaccine is also be given to boys because they might transmit this virus sexually and give their mate uterine cancer, which is just absolutely absurd.
But here he is in front of a lot of adults telling them that this is the way it is and that there's an illusion of consensus that this is the way it is.
This was not something that occurred 500 years ago.
It was little over a hundred years ago that BioRank discovered viruses.
So basically, we had automobiles, but we were unaware of the forms of life that make up most of the genetic information on our planet.
We now have these amazing tools to allow us to explore the unseen world.
Things like deep sequencing, which allow us to do much more than just sort of skim the surface and look at individual genomes from a particular species, but to look at entire metagenomes.
the communities of teeming microorganisms in, on, and around us.
Metagenomes.
We can just look at everything and then use our computers and my really smart interns to figure out what we're looking at.
You know, like shred all the newspapers up in the world and then find interesting novels in that big pile of shredded novels.
and newspapers.
And just to give you a sense of how this works, imagine that we took a nasal swab from every single one of you, and this is something we commonly do to look for respiratory viruses like influenza.
The first thing that we would see is a tremendous amount of genetic information.
And if we started looking into that genetic information, we'd see a number of usual suspects out there.
Of course, a lot of human genetic information, but also bacterial and viral information, mostly from things that are completely harmless within your nose.
And more than 220 EUA authorized PCR tests were rolled out at the beginning of the pandemic and said to define the pandemic on this background.
But none of them were ever tested on this background.
They were tested on a water control and on a positive control in a pure sample.
Never on this background.
And so the idea that there might be false positives on this background was completely never even a question.
And the guy that was intimately involved in making sure that question was never asked was Kevin McKernan, who was part of organizing this paper about the primers of the WHO test being wrong.
And none of those people in four and a half years have ever bothered to point out that Nathan Wolf says that the background is pretty loud.
And these viruses mutate so fast.
I mean, my goodness, this whole background is changing constantly like a genetic kaleidoscope.
But, you know, it's pretty simple to roll out a few PCR tests and figure out what's going on.
Stop lying!
We'd also see something very, very surprising.
As we started to look at this information, we would see that about 20% of the genetic information in your nose doesn't match anything that we've ever seen before.
No plant, animal, fungus, virus, or bacteria.
Basically, we have no clue what this is.
And for the small group of us who actually study this kind of data, a few of us have actually begun to call this information biological dark matter.
We know it's not anything that we've seen before.
It's sort of the equivalent.
I mean, he's like a real thought leader.
And Charles Rixey and Kevin McKernan agree that he's really a thought leader and probably partially responsible for the pandemic.
Ultimately, if not intellectually, also biologically responsible.
That's how extraordinary it is that they...
retweeted each other and and it's it's really the narrative breaking of an uncharted continent right within our own genetic information and there's a lot of it if you think 20 percent of genetic information your nose is a lot uh biological dark matter if we looked at your gut up to 40 or 50 percent of that information is biological dark matter in your gut it's even worse
And who works there?
Oh, that's that lady who's talking shit on her book.
And she sequenced SARS-CoV-2 in the gut.
And she's a part of over 200 clinical trials on investigating probiotics.
But she's all on our team.
She's definitely on our team.
That's why she spoke in front of the Senate.
That's right.
She's on our team.
That's why she speaks at CHD conferences.
That's right.
Sure.
And even in the relatively sterile blood, around one to two percent of this information is dark matter, can't be classified, can't be typed or matched with anything that we've seen before.
At first we thought that perhaps this was artifact, right?
These deep sequencing tools are relatively new, but as they've become more and more accurate, we've determined that this information is a form of life, or at least some of it is a form of life.
And while the hypotheses for explaining the existence of biological dark matter are really only in their infancy, there's a very, very exciting possibility that exists.
That buried in this life are signatures, in this genetic information, are signatures of as of yet unidentified life.
that as we explore these... Okay, now listen very carefully.
This is the central bullshit of metabiota, the central bullshit of virology, the central bullshit that Kevin McKernan and Charles Rixey are now coordinatedly reinforcing on Twitter as of July.
Listen very carefully because it will never be said better than this Rick Bright wannabe said it in this video.
Ability that exists.
Hypotheses for explaining the existence of biological dark matter is a form of life, or at least some of it is a form of life.
And while the hypotheses for explaining the existence of biological... So there's a hypothesis that he's arguing now.
What is the hypothesis about?
It's about what this biological dark matter that metabiota has identified in your nose and identified even more of in your gut, what it actually is.
And of course, his really exciting possibility is that it's as of yet undiscovered life forms.
But of course, what do we think it is here at GigaOM Biological?
We think it is unadmitted, unidentified exosomal signaling.
Healthy cells communicating with other healthy cells.
and healthy cells of fungi communicating with other cells and bacteria, and we don't know.
But it is far less likely for it to be, as of yet, unidentified, whole phylogeny of life forms, as opposed to being signals generated by the life forms we already know are here.
And so, MetaBiota's primary goal is to make sure that this biological dark matter never, ever, ever is questioned as being generated by the life forms we already know, but is a potentially undiscovered source of new phylogeny of life, which is not a very parsimonious hypothesis to pursue.
Listen to him say it very carefully here, because this is the idea that Kevin McKernan, Charles Rixey, Kevin McCairn, Jessica Rose, Robert Malone, Merrill Nass, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
all believe in.
We've determined that this information is a form of life, or at least some of it is a form of life.
And while the hypotheses for explaining the existence of biological dark matter are really only in their infancy, there's a very, very exciting possibility that exists.
That buried in this life are signatures, in this genetic information, are signatures of as of yet unidentified life.
that as we explore these strings of A's, T's, C's, and G's, we may uncover a completely new class of life that, like BioRank, will fundamentally change the way that we think about the nature of biology, that perhaps will allow us to identify the cause of a cancer that afflicts us, or identify the source of an outbreak that we aren't familiar with, or perhaps create a new tool in molecular biology.
I'm pleased to announce that along with colleagues at Stanford and Caltech and UCSF, we're currently starting an initiative to explore biological dark matter for the existence of new forms of life.
A little over a hundred years ago, people were unaware of viruses, the forms of life that make up most of the genetic information on our planet.
A hundred years from now, people may... He said it again, and Alper and others discovering prions is on there.
That's handy, isn't it?
one of the only other things that needs to be on there, right?
Viruses, prions.
A marvel that we were perhaps completely unaware of a new class of life that literally was right under our noses.
A new class of life.
What they're doing is expanding the definition of life to include things that aren't pattern integrities, to steal a term most aptly used and defined by my hero, Buckminster Fuller.
A real biologist.
A real naturalist.
A real appreciator of the irreducible complexity all around him.
That's what they're doing here.
That's what he did.
That's what they do.
They cast an enchantment.
They are not doing real science.
They are casting an enchantment.
And now we're supposed to believe from Kevin McKernan and Charles Rixey, that these enchanters like Peter Daszak and Nathan Wolf were real bona fide fricking virologists that are ultimately responsible for the pandemic.
It's true, we may have charted all the continents on the planet, and we may have discovered all the mammals that are out there, but that doesn't mean that there's nothing left to explore on Earth.
BioRank and its kind provide an important lesson for the next generation of explorers.
People like that young girl from... He's reading!
And I think if we phrase that lesson, it's something like this.
Don't assume that what we currently think is out there is the full story.
Go after the dark matter in whatever field you choose to explore.
There are unknowns all around us, and they're just waiting to be discovered.
Thank you.
Right before that, he gave a presentation to 1,000 middle school students.
Now this is after the pandemic.
This is during the pandemic, much older Nathan Wolf, 10 years later.
Let's see what he's got to say.
Welcome to FI ThinkPod.
My name is Francisco.
And I'm Aziz.
And at ThinkPod, we speak about the smartest ideas and the biggest challenges facing the world right now.
Have you ever considered the possibility that actually Soph is responding for Sasha?
or somebody who worked for SOF or ran SOF or is involved with that whole persona is actually responding for Sasha.
Sasha's not wasting her time on substacks.
and comments, there's no way.
And a lot of those comments are so adolescent and over the top that it leads me to believe that it's maybe her daughter.
And what's really funny about it is, is oftentimes there's like things like my brilliant daughter, my brilliant daughter, my super smart daughter, too bad my daughter's smarter than you.
It kind of sounds like maybe her daughter's the one who's doing it.
I mean, at this stage, who cares?
It's just obvious that Sasha is a,
and not a patriot and definitely a meddler and probably has been a meddler since she came to the country.
We speak about where we are, how we got here, and where we're going.
Today our guests are the virus hunter himself, Dr. Nathan Wolf, Chairman of MetaBiota, and the CEO of MetaBiota, Ms.
Nita Madhav.
We talk about the Global Infectious Disease Index, the breakthrough tool developed in partnership with the FII Institute.
And we ask, what are the lessons we can learn from COVID to prevent a future pandemic causing a global shutdown?
So Nita, we talked about the Global Infectious Disease Index over the past few months and you guys have worked together to develop a breakthrough tool.
Can you talk to us a little bit about the tool that we've developed together and then the insights that you hope and believe that it will help people extract?
Yes, so the Global Infectious Disease Index that we built together encompasses a few different components that you don't always see together when you're looking at this type of infectious disease data.
So we've included data on endemic diseases, the top five, including HIV, malaria, tuberculosis, diarrheal diseases, and low respiratory tract infections, along with
a tracking tool that we have that uses AI to detect early signals of epidemic threats that are emerging and could pose a threat.
Of course it does.
And on top of that, we've also added the country systems information to look at how health systems rank compared to global norms and other indicators.
And then the fourth component is the ranking, the performance metrics of how well a country is doing
with its infectious disease burden compared to what its health systems would suggest how they should be doing.
What would you say are some of the most significant lessons learned from this pandemic that would help us avoid falling into the same traps in a future pandemic, God forbid?
We've learned from this pandemic that there are new features that are really necessary in order to be able to appropriately capture these viruses and extinguish them before they become substantive.
And I would say it's just a few of those failures.
One of them would be that the pace at which we've responded to this virus is sort of a human pace.
and effectively we will need to move to something much more like a machine pace.
Oh yeah!
We can't wait for people to make decisions.
We're gonna have to automate everything so that when the screen lights up, pandemic, that everybody around the world acts faster than they did now.
So their AI and a little network, oh my shit, this is terrible.
A group of people sitting around looking at data and deciding what to do.
we need always-on monitoring systems.
So if you look at how long it took us, say, in the United States to develop a diagnostic that was capable of detecting COVID accurately, there's no need for that.
There's technology that permits us to diagnose any virus easily and with full information.
And those should be always looking for viruses in the population such that when
you do have an epidemic, it's not like you have to race to ramp up a system.
The other thing would be silos and integration.
For example, there's really no common language with which the WHO can speak with vaccine manufacturers,
And the way that we think of this is that in the future there likely will be some sort of, think of it as a platform, almost like an IT tool that permits the same set of underlying model data, monitoring data, which could be informed by new technologies.
to be shared and communicated between policymakers and local health and vaccine manufacturers in such a way that permits the public health response and even the financial response to feel like a coordinated system working in concert as opposed to a number of different features sometimes working at odds with each other.
I mean, there's some other features, but I think those are some primary features.
Another way to think of it, and those features will move us from a situation where I consider it like a sledgehammer.
When you think of how we've deployed lockdowns and quarantine, or even vaccination, it's in some ways, you know, relatively not particularly refined.
And what we really want to be is in a position where we can use a scalpel.
And so I think those three areas will help to move our monitoring systems away from blunt use of response tools to a much more custom, specific use of those tools.
And you can imagine a world where you have limited vaccines.
They're deployed very specifically in such a way that
individuals that, you know, how do you stretch your vaccines to make the impact of each jab greatest in the context of lowering the epidemic?
And just taking into account vaccination rates or disease mortality, those are probably not sufficient to do a truly optimized system.
I just wanted to add to what Nathan was saying on the concept of the always-on system, that part of that too is the decision-making around how to respond.
And that a lot of times there doesn't seem to be the frameworks for making those decisions that are already in place.
And with the tools such as the index and other tools that allow us to anticipate what the threats might be, this can actually be something that's done ahead of time, where there can actually be
a recipe book of how are we going to respond if this happens or that happens and so the the type of planning that can be done ahead of time I think is something that we can really learn from in this pandemic as well.
So you've both mentioned an automated always-on system.
We've had other pandemics in previous decades and years.
Why haven't we learned from those instances?
Why is it something that now we're looking for?
So he's definitely accepted the presupposition that we've had pandemics before, even though we really haven't.
And that's already part of this extraordinary illusion, the illusion of consensus.
To develop these solutions.
I mean, I think one answer to that is it's quite good news that the technology continues to change.
For example, the kind of modeling work that NIDA has done within our organization is stuff, some of which would have been computationally impossible 10, 15 years ago.
You can talk more about that.
But another one is molecular diagnostics.
So the ways in which we can diagnose illnesses with individuals have changed our ability to conceive of the right monitoring system.
And I'll give you an example, which is cell-free nucleic acids.
So we now, rather than having to take cerebrospinal fluid and a liver biopsy, nasopharyngeal swab, et cetera, et cetera, in order to know all of the microbes in an individual,
You can effectively do a liquid biopsy or a cell-free nucleic acid from blood alone.
You can use the little bits of genetic information to extrapolate and know basically all of the microbes present in an individual.
And so that technology, which is very recent, last five to 10 years, and it's colleagues and collaborators of ours, Geoswab, et cetera, et cetera.
I have a hard time believing that the lie about sequencing
and the technology of sequencing has progressed so far that where we couldn't really sequence a whole human genome very well until very recently, and certainly not very quickly, to now saying that we can take a blood sample and we can know what all the microbes are in that person, is that not any different than what that lady for Theranos was saying she could do?
How is that any different?
Taking the fragments of biological material in blood and analyzing all the potential diseases someone has is just as magnificent as saying that we can just take the bits and pieces of DNA and blood and find out all the microbes that are present in somebody.
That could be possible.
But it just seems like something that this guy doesn't know the biology and doesn't know the limitations of it like somebody like Kevin McKernan surely does.
And it's extraordinary because he's really making bold statements not that dissimilar from Elon Musk the other day who says that because we can put wires in the brain and read data that we can read and write the brain, which is just absurd.
Just because we can detect this huge, bright background signal doesn't mean that we can use PCR to figure out what it all is.
Especially if half of it is coming from the animals that we think they are preying on.
It's ridiculous.
In order to know all of the microbes in an individual, you can effectively do a liquid biopsy or a cell-free nucleic acid from blood alone.
You can use the little bits of genetic information to extrapolate and know basically all of the microbes present in an individual.
And then also have a blood sample that would give you a much better picture of the person and the person's biological status rather than the microbiome.
And so you could say you're collecting a blood sample for one thing and then it becomes a remnant after you use it.
The remnant can be sold to anyone.
That's what they did with all the PCR tests at the beginning of the pandemic.
And during all of this testing at universities, they sold the remnants, which had the genetic samples of all these students.
They sold the remnants.
The remnants went into the private market.
And so that technology, which is very recent, last five to 10 years, and it's colleagues and collaborators of ours that have discovered and invented that technology.
If you live in a world where to get all of the viruses from an individual, you would effectively have to put them in a blender, is not conducive for conceptualizing a world in which you could know all the viruses within a population all the time.
But once you have that technology, you start thinking to yourself, well, if you sampled effectively, could you reach a point in the future where perhaps a particular government or city might know effectively the vast majority of viruses and the vast majority of citizens all the time?
And if you, just for a moment, think about a world that is like... So how would you differentiate between monitoring all the viruses and all the people in Pittsburgh versus monitoring the genetic changes of all the people in Pittsburgh over time?
How would you differentiate between that?
How and which of those biological signals do you think would be stronger in that sample?
Because from my perspective, having somebody's blood sample gives you a huge bright signal about their
their medical data and their genetic data and their immunological state.
And very, very, very, very, very little information on their microbiome, especially what's on their skin or in their nose.
And so an extraordinary bait and switch is happening here where he's basically selling the same bamboozling lie about what we can do with a blood sample and what we would do with it, which is figure out all the bad guys in your body instead of what is most useful for, which is sampling you.
that, how profoundly different it is from the world that we just experienced over the last year or so.
And I think some of those features would have been very difficult to conceive of or it would have been too theoretical in the absence of some of these new technologies.
I think technology plays a role, and it's going to figure into it even more prominently.
And we've also seen the acceleration of various kinds of developments in diagnostic tools.
I mean, we've got to remember, Ray Kurzweiler points it out all the time, that there's an exponential curve that we're on.
And at some point, all disease is just going to be cured.
Bang!
We're like 10 years away from it.
I often don't respect the exponential curve like these futurists do, but they're sure the exponential curve is on the way up.
And vaccines, therapeutics.
But I think one thing that we've often seen after a lot of previous epidemics and pandemics is what's been called the cycle of panic and neglect.
So you see, you know, when we're in the midst of an event, there is this huge panic.
Everybody is responding.
And then the event is over.
And then it goes to this, you know, falls into a little bit of neglect.
Funding goes away.
And so, you know, I think what we want to do is get out of that cycle.
And I think COVID pandemic devastating as it's been, I think it is a game changer in the sense that it will move us out of that and really propel the change we need to see.
I have a question tying onto the neglect part.
We've seen vaccination rates in developed world, almost proliferation entirely.
But in a developing world, there's a lack of access to vaccines, particularly in remote areas.
Do you feel like this is going to create issues with other COVID variants or will create further issues downstream in terms of expanding that division between developed and undeveloped?
Look, it's a virus that's constantly mutating and exploring the genetic space that it has in the context, not in a conscious way, of course, but that's how selection is working.
So the greater number of cases there are, the higher the probability that there will be a variant which is capable of evading vaccine-induced immunity, for example, or it has a different mortality profile that may be more deadly.
So, part of limiting cases is to decrease the financial and health burden associated with it, but it's also just to decrease the potential for the emergence of new variants.
And again, as we think to the future, which is how we as an organization and both of us as scientists and entrepreneurs focus, it's really about future.
Scientists and entrepreneurs, he said.
Wow, that's incredible to even say that word in this context.
And even the, certainly the inequality features have been very well discussed, so I won't, you know, acknowledge those and just move on.
But you could imagine a future where within countries and even between countries, there's an optimal distribution of vaccines, which may always be limited, in order to achieve objectives, which in this case would probably be to limit transmission on a global basis.
And that may very well, in the future, work along axes that are different than developed and developing.
And right now, again, it's the sledgehammer.
And even the way that we're deploying the sledgehammer
as you've noted, sort of unequal, unfair, unreasonable, and probably not effective.
One thing that, you know, relates to some of the work that we've done on the index, but broadly with some of the topics you guys mentioned about tracking viruses, how should bio data be shared and are there any privacy concerns where should citizens give up their privacy to make more accessible data available to scientists?
Well, this is always a trade-off and something that we look very closely at and really take very seriously.
All of the data that we use is actually anonymized.
There isn't really that private information in it.
But as we now see that there's trends in the internet.
There's no private information in your blood sample.
Wow, that is spectacularly lame.
of things and personal devices, and the trend is really heading towards this very personalized data.
And it's something, as we're applying AI tools, as we're mining that data, it's something where these protections do need to be in place, and it's something that needs to be taken seriously.
I think that the first step is really to acknowledge that these issues and limitations are there, and then look to how to best balance the global public good with
the privacy concerns.
Maybe just to add to that, there's so much low-hanging fruit.
It's such a non-optimized system that there's plenty of gain that we can get with data that's... Another thing to say is there's no need in any of the work we do for human genetic data.
So anonymized data, non-human genetic data, it's not that we actually... What I think you need to understand is that they don't need that.
I think it's very likely that with repeated sampling from these students at the University of Illinois or these students at the University of Ohio, that they could use that data and go back to samples that are also in the EPIC database.
It's very likely that a lot of these hospital databases of these big corporations are already invested in trying to populate the genetic data
of the patients in their systems.
Whether that's a secret thing or a black ops thing or whatever, there's little doubt in my mind that the Epic database behind the scenes has as much genetic data as possible.
Don't forget that one of the things in this Trump narrative is that that guy didn't have any social media presence, they identified him by DNA.
the shooter.
They identified him by DNA.
Well, how would they have that unless it was already being sampled regularly from everybody in public health and everybody in these public or private databases?
If there's collaboration between the national security state and these corporations that run our hospitals, then we're already there.
And de-identifying this data becomes irrelevant if, behind the scenes, there's a national security priority that allows them to do it anyway.
And there's almost no doubt in my mind that there is a national security priority that would be behind Metalbiota, behind EcoHealth Alliance, and behind their illusion of pandemic potential, which is designed to coerce people unwittingly into jumping into this system, whether they know it or not.
PCR tests, the sequencing, this was all done under the guise of studying something outside of you, taking blood samples or saliva samples every week.
This is ridiculous.
You are giving up, we were giving up our data long ago and they've been sampling it long ago because the Human Genome Project admitted it.
When they actually said they were done, what they were done with was a restriction enzyme map of a single genome, which gave them landmarks to look at across other genomes so that they could start comparing across genomes.
But they were in no way, shape, or form ready to start saying they were sequencing whole genomes and getting useful information out of them.
They don't know how to read Chinese, so they can't take a Chinese encyclopedia and start translating in random places.
What they got to do is look for landmarks and see what landmarks are shared across different encyclopedia sets.
That's it.
Are there the same number of volumes?
Do the volumes always divide in the same place?
That's about all they're doing right now with regard to genomes and mapping.
And yes, they zero in on specific signals sometimes and they spend lots of money on specific signals.
But the way that they exaggerate the fidelity with which we investigate these signals in virology and in human physiology is absurd.
And this guy is a great example of it.
I think we can make a tremendous amount of progress in making these systems much more optimal without having to sacrifice privacy.
I have a quick question referencing to some of your... And so it keeps becoming about privacy and about free speech, free speech and privacy, free speech and privacy.
It's never about informed consent where people can say no.
And it's never, ever, ever, ever, ever about the biology.
The biology is just assumed.
And the worst case scenario is always assumed.
Think back about 15 years ago in the context of climate.
15 years ago, climate was something that probably was discussed mostly at earth sciences, or it was seen as an atmospheric phenomena.
The reality that we recognize now is that it's a profound human phenomena that transcends institutions, whether you're a CEO or a central banker or someone doing public health.
This is an issue which is vital.
It's a fundamental systemic risk.
Did he just mention all the governing factors of our world here?
What was that all about?
Seen as an atmospheric phenomena.
The reality that we recognize now is that it's a profound human phenomena that transcends institutions, whether you're a CEO or a central banker or someone doing public health.
This is an issue which is vital.
It's a fundamental systemic risk that humans face.
We see pandemics in the same way for reasons... Okay, so let's just leave it right there.
I'm not even gonna do it.
Let me just move.
Let me just move a slide because I do, I should have repeated a slide here that I didn't repeat because I really want to be sure I'm hitting home what is happening here.
What actually we just watched.
Okay.
Now, first of all, just a little, just a little joke here, right?
Just a little joke here.
Just something to think about.
Um, so who was that lady in the video?
Um,
I'm sort of not convinced, but I'm kind of sort of weirded out.
The only, the best frame that I could get is that one.
The best picture of Li Min Yan is that one that I could find where you can kind of see the facial shape and whether the eyebrows and nose are similarly rounded or not, but one's smiling and one isn't, one's looking in the camera and isn't it.
But it's very strange that that woman
Was in the video, but wasn't in the video.
And she likes the same kind of glasses, although she does part her hair on the different side.
And there's a few other things.
That lady's got a wedding ring, so I don't know what that means.
Anyway, it's just curious, right?
Because Li Min Yan is gone.
We don't hear from her anymore.
She was really big in 2020, but not big anymore.
Yeah, and there's no wedding ring in this one.
You know, it could be a reversed frame, it could just be nothing, right?
I mean, I'm just throwing that out there.
What I'm not throwing out there though, and what is very real, is that these two gentlemen have decided to coordinate messaging on Twitter.
These two gentlemen who have meddled with my family, and meddled with my work,
and I believe done a very big dishonor to my work.
And essentially they are traitors to America and to our children.
And they are agreement here in recent July tweets that somebody like Metalbiota and Nathan Wolf are legitimate virologists
who are ultimately behind the pandemic, responsible for the pandemic, maybe even caused it.
Peter Daszak, EcoHealth Alliance, Metobiota, the labs in Ukraine, and that guy being the ultimate deep state operative.
That is, of course, absurd.
And the reason why it's absurd is because these are the same people.
that were promoted in 2017, 18 and 19 before the pandemic started.
These are the same people that were put in place and that have been in place for many, many years perpetuating this narrative.
And their same people have been touring the world, perpetuating this narrative, making sure that we never usefully question the existence of novel viruses, that we never usefully question the existence of a vaccine schedule, just whether or not we rushed a new component of it out.
That's why this Human Genome Project employee and beneficiary of its IP, to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars, was put on podcasts early in 2020, just like Kevin McCarran was, just like Paul Cottrell was, just like George Webb was.
These people were all out there, not spontaneously like myself.
just naively on my bike doing Journal Club until the pandemic started, which there is more than ample evidence of, but instead just deciding to be a podcaster and already aware of the fact that Andy Kaufman was a no-virus bad guy.
and that the main thing we needed to argue about was where did this gain-of-function incapacitating agent come from?
Who released this dangerous new virus and how is it going to evolve over the next five years?
They all agreed on it because this was the illusion of consensus that the national security state needed in order to coerce our families into taking transfection and transformation as just therapeutics.
And they agree on it now on social media about the worst case scenario, likely being a gain of function virus.
And if it wasn't this time, it will be next time.
Are they trying to kill us?
Oh my goodness.
And the way they're getting away with it is not talking about what them themselves, this team of meddlers was doing in 2020 and 2021.
And that's what they were doing.
They were driving around the internet trying to find people, wandering souls, looking for the truth.
And they picked them up in their imaginary cars and drove them around saying, come on, get in the car, man.
We're trying to find the truth too.
Climb in.
This is Pierre Cory.
This is Robert Malone.
And in the backseat, that's Jessica Rose.
And we're all trying to solve the same problem you are.
Come join us.
Or maybe they said, this is Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and this is CHD, and we're trying to solve the mystery.
You should join us.
But in reality, none of them were going to usefully question the existence of the virus.
None of them were going to usefully question the existence of the vaccine schedule as being criminal.
They just want freedom of choice and the freedom to talk about this stuff.
just not the, they don't want to talk about the director of USAID or they don't want to talk about the director of DITRA and the connections that Robert Malone has to these people.
They don't want to talk about the textbooks that Stanley Plotkin has written with Offit.
They don't want to talk about Hilary Koprowski and his contributions to American history of public health.
They don't want to talk about the Barr family and their contributions to recent American history.
And they definitely don't want to talk about Joshua Lederberg
and how his contributions to our rhetoric about genetic engineering has resulted in terms like gene therapy and resulted in terms like pandemic potential or pandemic prevention.
These are all enchantments that are just basically semantic lies, semantic bamboozlement.
And that's why they don't want to talk about our precise use of language.
They don't want to talk about our precise use of language, like when we say RNA cannot pandemic, because it makes it very hard for them to use their enchantment against us when they're forced to pass through the dispelling language of gigaohm biological.
That's why Robert Malone has so desperately tried to ignore me since we were forced to meet in the spring of 2022 on the podcast of Bobby Kennedy, and where him and Meryl Nass and Jessica Rose coordinated the bamboozling of me for another year.
He worked on retroviruses with all the kings.
He also investigated packaging sequences, which likely means he understands that these are just exosomes and exosomal communication is real and it's being misconstrued as virology so that they can understand and study something of us that they otherwise would have to get consent to study.
He's definitely suffered a lot since he's been so ethically superior his whole life.
And despite all of this suffering, he eventually came to be working as a private contractor for DITRA, DOD, a lot of different big pharmaceutical companies, the WHO.
and even chaired NIH study sections and given away or supervised the giving away of $50 billion worth of grants.
He won't touch Judy Mikovits because she comes from the same line of mentors, the same line of narrative curators.
And he won't really talk about Herit because he used to work with him and because they already made a movie together, which is laughably absurd.
And we will watch that at some point.
He's just the most interesting man in the world.
That's all he is, according to Mickey Willis' video that I showed earlier in the show.
They created this illusion of the pandemic.
They definitely created it.
These people created the illusion of the pandemic.
These people helped sustain the illusion of the pandemic.
And this is an ongoing thing.
It's an ongoing worst case scenario narrative that we still have to argue about.
The worst case scenario is, is that they rushed these shots and they're contaminated and we've hurt millions and millions of people around the world.
And we probably have.
And we've probably also bamboozled millions of children around the world into believing that that background signal that Nathan Wolf called biological dark matter doesn't exist.
Or that the hypothesis that it's all viruses outside of us has already been confirmed.
And these are lies.
Stop lying!
They're just lies.
RNA cannot pandemic.
It is that simple.
And the faith about RNA being pandemic potential is a lie.
Transfection is real, that's for sure.
They cannot grow RNA in a dish and sustain it forever, even if the NIH tells you that, but what they can do is sequence stuff.
And what they can do is make DNA.
And maybe they can only make short sequences of DNA, but they can enzymatically connect them together.
And so if they make short sequences and grow them in bacterial culture, they're real and they will be fairly pure.
And if you combine them with, I'm just going to escape out of here really quick and, and start it again.
and advance a little faster through here.
Hopefully the memory cleared.
You can also grow them and you can combine them with RNA polymerase or put them in cell culture or electroporate animals or give them to your friends.
And you can call them infectious clones if you want to.
But the reality is, is that the way you make them, the way that they are made, the way that they start with a synthetic DNA sequence and forever after that are synthetic, they do not recapitulate whatever signal has been purported to be found in the wild.
But they do make the opportunity for that sequence to be made in the same way that all other biologics are made in mass quantities by any of the pharmaceutical company giants that we have on Earth that make biologics like venom or like monoclonal antibodies.
And so the virology people call this infectious DNA and RNA, they call them infectious clones.
But that's just a lie.
It's a semantic enchantment, which covers up the fact that RNA and RNA virology is very simply synthetic DNA and RNA in quantity applied to cell culture or animals.
It's transfection and transformation in animals.
That's it.
Virology as it stands is not pandemic potential in a dish.
It is not Ralph Baric and Metobiota and Nathan Wolf and Peter Daszak having no respect for Mother Nature.
It is not.
It's just synthetic
biology, and it is the most simple synthetic biology.
They created the illusion of consensus that this synthetic biology would lead to bioweapons, would lead to the worst-case scenario being a pandemic of a bioweapon, and that is an illusion.
They have been creating for years and years and years, and that's why, in retrospect, a guy like Nathan Wolfe looks like such a clown, and why it is so ridiculous that Kevin McKernan and Charles Rixey want us to believe that that's the guy at the center of this mess.
It is exactly the same bullshit reason why they won't admit that synthetic DNA and synthetic RNA in quantity is not only possible, but that's the only thing you would need in order to create the molecular illusion of a pandemic with extremely high fidelity.
They don't want you to know that virology is just transfection and transformation in laboratories.
They don't want you to know that so much that they are willing to commit murder and lie about it in the United States and around the world so that the illusion of pandemic potential will be created on the backs of that murder.
That's what they've done.
And that's why they ignore this.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
RNA cannot pandemic and transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
And that's how we've been bamboozled by these weaponized piles of money.
We've accepted the limited spectrum of debate imposed upon us.
Please, ladies and gentlemen, stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
If you like what you saw, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support my family and my work.
And otherwise, wow, why is it always doing that to me?
And if you want to share the video after the live stream is over, please share stream.gigaohm.bio.
It takes about 20 minutes and then the stream is live there with no censoring, no login, no nothing, just watching on our own provided Peertube website.
that clips are starting to be loaded up to and that Mark Kulak has started to load some of his episodes up in.
Ladies and gentlemen, keep pushing, keep the constant pressure on, and if you can, please share my work in places you haven't.
Please send emails to your family and friends.
I think this is a really good one to share with them because we are attempting to stop the program.
If we stop the program, if we pause it right here and people see how these meddlers line up just like this, they're lined up right now.
I think it's really important.
I think it's really the time and the place where these things are lining up right now.
And thank you very, very, very much for being here and I'm going to see you guys again tomorrow.
I think I got to clear my desktop or something.
The memory gets like bogged down with my big slide decks and all the stuff and whatever.
But anyway, thank you very much for being here.
I'll see you again tomorrow, guys.